****Blackjack-Game****

To do list's:

1. Solution for leaving the game (button not realsed) with the two users, from 'divGame' to 'divLobby' and opposite.





business logic instructions:

1. Creating a deck of cards:  represent the deck of cards as an array of objects, 
with each object representing a card, containing a "value" and a "suit" property.

2. Shuffling the deck:  ways to shuffle an array in JavaScript,  
simple way is to loop through the array and swap each element with a random element in the array.

3. Dealing the cards: represent the dealer and player hands as arrays. 
to deal a card, simply pop the top card from the deck array and add it to the player or dealer's hand array.

4. Implement the game logic: In blackjack, the goal is to get a hand value as close to 21 as possible without going over.
 You can calculate the hand value by adding up the values of the cards in the hand, 
 where face cards are worth 10 and aces are worth either 1 or 11 (whichever value gives the player the best hand). 
 If a player's hand value exceeds 21, they bust and lose the game.

5. need to allow the player to hit or stand: After the first deal, 
the player can choose to hit (receive another card) or stand (keep their current hand). can implement this using buttons.

6. Implement the dealer's turn: Once the player has stood, the dealer must draw cards until their hand value is at least 17.
 If the dealer busts, the player wins. Otherwise, the player's hand value is compared to the dealer's hand value to determine the winner.

7. Display the game state: display the current state of the game, including the player's and dealer's hands, the deck, and the current score.

8. Allowing the player to play again: after the game is over, allow the player to play again by resetting the deck and hands.









sec.to do list:

A. סידור הקוד מחדש-
פירוק הפונקציות הלא מובנות או הגורמות לבאגים

B. איתור באגים-

C. שימוש בגיטהאב קודם לכל

D. 'שימוש בלוקאלסטורג

To Do List:


1. Create 2 queries that saving the players and the dealer hands.
* check route params (have dealar hand or not)
* first query for init time (dealer and two players).
* second query for only 2  players.

2. use try and catch for api requests.

3. clean the code!


To Do:

1. date.now() - first!

2. determine the winners in the game by socre points (at least 17 points each player).

3. a function for a render between the players in different browsers(messages, shwoing and hidding cards).

4.useage in localstorage



To Do:

1. add a new column in game's table (dealer_score) and add it to the route 'get game id'

2. edit the dealer cards when it fetch from db and given array cards from back (example in gameplay function)

3. finish showPlayercards, like dealerCard mission above, use For loop to show the cards with the right element div's for each one of the players (for example look on gamePlay function)

4. hide the cards  for relevent player, and show the cards at the end of the game or some of them win!.



--------------------------------------------------BUGS----------------------------------------------------------


1. show/hidden for each players (now every player can see the other cards); V
2. reset parameters after leaving the game .
3.preserve game  after refresh (using localstorage).
4. style the front.



To Do: 

1.create a new field in db, that field going to save the last username that played (last_action) and that will be the indicates for queue in front.
and needed to be implement in the cardHandler(btnHitClicked) also parameter. and add it to start_game route on the backend. do not forget: implement on update_hands.



* Use  showPlayerCards function when player press stand button and where renderCards (where you set the winner name).
* fix winner check logic in btnStand (the conditons are wrong)
* set the global veriables when user leave the game or someone won!






To do:

* testing for the winner sinario (when of players win's so it need to be reseted globale parameters and needed to out to lobby),also
  need to test leave sinario.

* show a message to both players before leaving to the lobby.

* fix the override of cards.

* testing a new game.





------------------------------------Bugs--------------------------------

* The miscalculation view of one of the players after clicking on "stand" button
* bugs appears when users want's to play second game, the cards do not function well(render & calculation) 
* btnstand function conditons needed to be completed at least two more conditons that related to dealer wins!







